import React from 'react';
import UserIcon from "../../assets/icons/userIcon";
import RhombusItem from "../../assets/icons/rhombusItem";
import ReactMarkdown from "react-markdown";
import remarkGfm from "remark-gfm";
import DownRightArrow from "../../assets/icons/downRightArrow";
import Link from 'next/link'

export default function February012022(props) {
    return (
        <section  className="my-container ">
            <h1 className="header-1" >Council Meeting Notes March 15, 2021</h1>

            <p className="py-8">Community Council (CC) meeting held @ 10 UTC in grincoin#general channel on Keybase. Meeting lasted 90 min.
                Notes are truncated, and conversations sorted based on topic and not always chronological. Quotes are edited for brevity and clarity, and not always exact.
            </p>
            <div className="py-4">
                <h1 className="text-2xl text-gray-800 pt-8 pb-4" >Community Attendence</h1>
                <ul>
                    <li><UserIcon /> anynomous</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> dtavarez</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> mcmmike</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> hendi</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> phyro</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> yeastplume</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> vegycslol</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> cekickafa</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> defistaker</li>
                    <li><UserIcon /> jankie1800</li>
                </ul>
            </div>
            {/*<div className="py-4">*/}
            {/*    <h1 className="header-2" >Short Summary</h1>*/}
            {/*    <ul className="space-y-2">*/}
            {/*        <li><RhombusItem /> upbit listing proposal turns out to be a scam.</li>*/}
            {/*    </ul>*/}
            {/*</div>*/}

            {/* VOTING RESULTS */}
            <div className="py-4">
                <h1 className="header-2">Decisions</h1>

                <ul className="space-y-2">
                    <li>@jankie1800 funding request (Mar-May 2022) __Approved__  </li>
                    <li>@cekickafa funding request (Mar-May 2022) __Approved__  </li>
                </ul>
            </div>

            {/* AGENDA POINTS */}
            <div className="py-4">
                <h1 className="header-2">Agenda Points</h1>

                <p>Last meeting's notes <a href="/meetings/march-01-2022" className="text-primary text-sm" > here</a> </p>

                <ul className="space-y-2">
                    <li>1. Maintaining Grin Telegram+Keybase-discord bridge service <a href="#issue_1" className="text-primary">  <DownRightArrow/> </a> </li>
                    <li>2. Request for funding @jankie <a href="#issue_2" className="text-primary"><DownRightArrow/> </a></li>
                    <li>3. Request for funding @cekickafa<a href="#issue_3" className="text-primary"><DownRightArrow/>  </a> </li>
                    <li>4. Organizing a community sub-team with focus on the increase of Grin adoption.<a href="#issue_4" className="text-primary"> <DownRightArrow/>  </a> </li>
                    <li>5. Increasing Bisq awareness in Grin Community.<a href="#issue_5" className="text-primary"> <DownRightArrow/>  </a> </li>
                </ul>
            </div>

            <div className="px-4" >

                {/*Issue 1*/}
                <h1 id="issue_1"  className="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">1. Maintaining Grin Telegram+Keybase-discord bridge service</h1>
                <ReactMarkdown className="meeting-text"  remarkPlugins={[remarkGfm]}  >
                    {` __anynommous__ : For our first agenda point:

__mcmmike__ : Perhaps I can talk a bit about this.
* __mcmmike__ : liqdpamp (user on Discord) did manage the bridge until now. he also created a github repo where he added all the needed code but can not provide the bridge anymore..we need some volunteer to pick up and create these bridges again and get in contact with liqdpamp for the setup and documentation..we need some volunteer to pick up and create these bridges again and get in contact with liqdpamp for the setup and documentation..and btw, GRIN-Discord is pretty quiet last few weeks..as I am the owner I can proivide rights or the admin team can help
 * __anynomous__ : It used to be quite active at some times. So worth it to maintain.
 * __mcmmike__ : yes I will maintain it and keep it online..which is enough work in itself sometimes
 * __defistaker__ : We just need to setup run matterbridge with liqdpamp's configuration?
 * __mcmmike__ : to be honest you should get in contact with him/her (liqdpamp) and ask for details..
 * __defistaker__ : I will have a look at its documentation tonight
 
__anynomous__: I think for now it is ok to explore a bit what kind of work it requires, __@defistaker__ volunteered to do that. Afterwards we can see/ask who is willing to run the bridge service, maybe via a forum post.  :+1:(__defistaker__, __mcmmike__)

## 2) [Request for funding](https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-groundskeeper-jankie-mar-may-2022/9623/6) @jankie

__anynomous__ : Our second agenda point of today:
 * __anynomous__ : We collected some feedback in the last CC meeting as well as in the last 2 weeks. Not that much input from the Community though on what kind of tasks are required.
 * __jankie1800__ : I think we can work out more tasks as they arise
 
__anynomous__ : The feedback can be summarized as a) keep logs b) precisely formulate tasks, objectives and achievements c) work more on outreach/marketing. Did I get that more or less correct?
 * __anynomous__ : We can maybe ask the community more actively (Telegram and Discord) at some point at what is needed for Grin, quite some of these tasks can be handled by the groundkeepers.

__dtavarez__ : I would add a feedback..I support the funding request, first. Having said that..There are two things a bit too broad: the "Work closely with CC,OC,IC‚Äôs,..." and "Remain flexible and available..." Those those tasks are too open, I know comments were added. My suggestion is that we need to be more proactive
 * __jankie1800__ : I agree these are seemingly auxiliary work tasks and less a focus to the work to be done and more a recognition to be available to meet requests from the council and community..I consider them as more an expectation of how to work within the community than actual work items
 * __dtavarez__ :  If you think there is something that you could do as auxiliary work do not hesitate to reach people out.. there are plenty of task, and we are not too many here
 * __jankie1800__ : I appreciate that very much. I'm at a point where I can certainly build up and work out more things.
 
__anynomous__ : I think it is ok to have one open objective like this, summarize and combine the two as 'Be flexibly available for tasks and communication with CC, OC, IC's (what does IC stands for?). This combined with logging tasks should make it more defined. :+1:(__jankie1800__)

__dtavarez__ : And the other thing is that, I think we should be more careful when we talk about "hiring posts", we are not in a position where we could hire (legally speaking) anyone,and that could lead to confusion..or at least, create a false expectation
 * __jankie1800__ : ten four. I can adjust language accordingly here
 
__anynomous__ : Are we ready to proceed with a vote?
 * __mcmmike__ : in favour üëç - not in favour üëé for [@jankie funding request](https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-groundskeeper-jankie-mar-may-2022/9623/6)
 * :+1:(__dtavarez__, __hendi__, __mcmmike__, __anynomous__)
#### Jankie funding request for Mar-May was approved by a formal council vote
 * __anynomous__ : In that case üéâ Congrats @jankie1800 , time again to work. I already send you a next task this morningüòâ
 * __jankie1800__ : I'm greatly appreciative of this community support. Thank you :) üôè`}
                </ReactMarkdown>

                {/*Issue 2*/}
                <h1 id="issue_2"  className="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">2. <Link href="https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-groundskeeper-jankie-mar-may-2022/9623/6" >Request for funding </Link> @jankie</h1>

                <ReactMarkdown  className="meeting-text"  remarkPlugins={[remarkGfm]}  >
                    {`__anynomous__ : Our second agenda point of today:
 * __anynomous__ : We collected some feedback in the last CC meeting as well as in the last 2 weeks. Not that much input from the Community though on what kind of tasks are required.
 * __jankie1800__ : I think we can work out more tasks as they arise
 
__anynomous__ : The feedback can be summarized as a) keep logs b) precisely formulate tasks, objectives and achievements c) work more on outreach/marketing. Did I get that more or less correct?
 * __anynomous__ : We can maybe ask the community more actively (Telegram and Discord) at some point at what is needed for Grin, quite some of these tasks can be handled by the groundkeepers.

__dtavarez__ : I would add a feedback..I support the funding request, first. Having said that..There are two things a bit too broad: the "Work closely with CC,OC,IC‚Äôs,..." and "Remain flexible and available..." Those those tasks are too open, I know comments were added. My suggestion is that we need to be more proactive
 * __jankie1800__ : I agree these are seemingly auxiliary work tasks and less a focus to the work to be done and more a recognition to be available to meet requests from the council and community..I consider them as more an expectation of how to work within the community than actual work items
 * __dtavarez__ :  If you think there is something that you could do as auxiliary work do not hesitate to reach people out.. there are plenty of task, and we are not too many here
 * __jankie1800__ : I appreciate that very much. I'm at a point where I can certainly build up and work out more things.
 
__anynomous__ : I think it is ok to have one open objective like this, summarize and combine the two as 'Be flexibly available for tasks and communication with CC, OC, IC's (what does IC stands for?). This combined with logging tasks should make it more defined. :+1:(__jankie1800__)

__dtavarez__ : And the other thing is that, I think we should be more careful when we talk about "hiring posts", we are not in a position where we could hire (legally speaking) anyone,and that could lead to confusion..or at least, create a false expectation
 * __jankie1800__ : ten four. I can adjust language accordingly here
 
__anynomous__ : Are we ready to proceed with a vote?
 * __mcmmike__ : in favour üëç - not in favour üëé for [@jankie funding request](https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-groundskeeper-jankie-mar-may-2022/9623/6)
 * :+1:(__dtavarez__, __hendi__, __mcmmike__, __anynomous__)
#### Jankie funding request for Mar-May was approved by a formal council vote
 * __anynomous__ : In that case üéâ Congrats @jankie1800 , time again to work. I already send you a next task this morningüòâ
 * __jankie1800__ : I'm greatly appreciative of this community support. Thank you :) üôè 
                    
                    
            `}</ReactMarkdown>

                {/*Issue 3*/}
                <h1 id="issue_3"  className="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">3. <Link href="https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-cekickafa-as-groundskeeper-mar-may-2022/9641/1" >Request for funding </Link> @cekickafa</h1>
                <ReactMarkdown  className="meeting-text"  remarkPlugins={[remarkGfm]}  >{`__anynomous__ : Lets continue with our next agenda point:
 * __cekickafa__ : yes I am here :)
 
__anynomous__ : This agenda point cannot be discussed without sadly mentioning that __@defistaker__ has decided to step down as ground-keeper..He finished work on the website, which will soon go live and which __defistaker__ intends to maintain even without his ground-keeper position. First of all, Thank you for all your had work @defistaker.üíØ(__jankie1800__. __dtavarez__, __cekickafa__, __mcmmike__, __phyro__, __vegycslol__
 * __mcmmike__ : I just wanted to say THANK-YOU __@defistaker__ for your work as a GRIN Groundskeeper. I did write a small thank you note [over on the forum:](https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-cekickafa-as-groundskeeper-mar-may-2022/9641/8)
 * __dtavarez__ : thank you @defistaker
 * __cekickafa__ : thank you @defistaker indeed. hope you stay around still
 * __anynomous__ : Yes thank you for all your hard work. It is said to let you go, but timely that __@cekickafa__ came with the request to be a ground-keeper
 * __jankie1800__ : its an honor- said it on telegram but if there would be anything that had to be done your one who would find a way. Thanks staker
 * __defistaker__ : I thank the community and council for giving me the opportunity to work with you üôè..I am always around, working on Grin projects with Grinnode.live team :)

__dtavarez__ : I usually want to avoid voting for requests in such a short time, but I think there were added enough comments on the forum post.
 * __anynomous__ : Yes, it is a bit short. Normally we would allow at least 1 week of feedback before continuing with an official vote. I am fine either way since there indeed was already a lot of feedback. If anyone wants to postpone a vote, he or she can request so now.
 * __dtavarez__ : we are already here I think we could vote
 
__anynomous__ : Since everyone appears to agree, we can continue with feedback and a vote. Does anyone have any more feedback to add?
 * __dtavarez__ : me :) - I think this is a good opportunity to enrich our repos with more and better documentation.. I also liked the Grinposts, I think __@cekickafa__ could help there. I assume that __@jankie1800__ and __@cekickafa__ will work together in some tasks.
 * __anynomous__ : What kind of documentation do you have in mind __@dtavarez__?
 * __dtavarez__ : improve the documentation on the mimblewimble repo and grincc repo and the rest.
 * __jankie1800__ : I agree- github is an ongoing maintenance item that will stay in focus
 
__phyro__ : may I politely add that it would be good to have paid posts have some level of grammar and english level. For instance, [I find the link that was linked in the request](https://grinpost.substack.com/p/grin-a-more-decentralized-waynext?s=r) rather hard to read and/or take seriously because of all the grammar/english mistakes. I understand english is not everyone's native language, but I'd be in favor of keeping a somewhat decent english standard on these.
 * __cekickafa__ : I agree, I will use some AI powered software tools to fix grammar
 * __anynomous__ : Word or grammerly will do the trick.
 
__dtavarez__ : I'm excited to see more articles about grin, I think __@phyro__ could review them before publishing probably..
 * __phyro__ : or just share them publicly for review xD :100:(__dtavarez__):+1:(__anynomous__)
 
__dtavarez__ : In general __@cekickafa__ is a loyal long time grin supporter. I support the request
 * __anynomous__ : Indeed. And it is always interesting to see what new people will bring to the table.. Just a quick addition, I would advice to keep logs of your activities just like we suggested for jankie.:100:(__cekickafa__, __dtavarez__)
 
__cekickafa__ :
> @__dtavarez__"I'm excited to see more articles about grin.."

__cekickafa__ : I am planning to author medium articles every 2 weeks.. Maybe more
 * __phyro__ : perhaps just a thought on blog posts in general. Once written, they stay around forever for anyone to read, so we want to focus on the quality of these and not quantity. It's much better to output 2 high quality posts than to have 6 of lower quality
 * __anynomous__ : Sometimes some medium articles come by, but not on a fixed basis, most in the past actually.

__phyro__ : this is something that worries me a bit..how many contributors do we have now that write articles for free?
 * __dtavarez__ : none?..no idea to be honest
 * __phyro__ : we keep on throwing people to expand the community, but we are ending up with less and less unpaid contributors
 * __dtavarez__ : I agree; and for me instead of having random articles written, it could bring more benefits to enrich the current documentations in the short term
 * __anynomous__ : I would say both. But indeed we have the problem of having a small inner-cirlcle of active members, quite a few people who are on telegram Discord, but not on the forum who are not really that active as I can see.

__phyro__ :  
> @__dtavarez__"I agree; and for me instead of having random articles written, it could bring more benefits to enrich the current documentations in the short term"

__phyro__ : fully agree here. Structured progress > spontaneous work 

__anynomous__ : In general I agree with improving github, especially linking everything, having list of video's etc.. Github can be easily linked on the GrinCC website made by defistaker, so this makes the effort double its worth. Now here is the question, who will do these improvements, and what will those improvements be ü§î
 * __anynomous__ : But before that...We have to vote
 * __mcmmike__ : We need to check on a regular basis, like every 6 month, if your links are still working, documentation is up to date, etc.. Possible on-going task for Groundkeepers. :+1: (__anynomous__, __jankie1800__, __cekickafa__)
 
__mcmmike__ : in favour üëç - not in favour üëé for [@cekickafa funding request](https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-cekickafa-as-groundskeeper-mar-may-2022/9641)
 * :+1:(__dtavarez__, __hendi__, __mcmmike__, __anynomous__)
 * __anynomous__ : With the feedback: a) Check English, b) keep logs of activities
#### Cekickafa funding request for Mar-May was approved by a formal council vote

__anynomous__ :  Congratulations @cekickafa üöÄüí™ Time to work!
 * __cekickafa__ : üôè thank you all, for support !
 
__vegycslol__ : I don't know what the content of messages to exchanges is, but i hope it's professional. I wouldn't want to see that a paid contributor is messaging exchanges with inappropriate messages (eg. Please add grin, it's awesome)
 * __anynomous__ : Yes, keep communication with exchanges a bit professional @cekickafa . In case you doubt, you can always ask feedback on the message before sending.
 * __cekickafa__ : In that time, I was contacting with on my initiative, I will contact any other entitites with approval of GrinCC from now on
 * __mcmmike__ : and be aware we already have direct telegram exchange groups for a few exchanges
 * __phyro__ : perhaps it would make sense for such reach out attempts be shared publicly for proof-reading or whatever
 * __dtavarez__ : we share all the updates publicly. maybe the updates get lost, but we do every time
 * __phyro__ : do we have emails with exchanges public? I feel like we wouldn't want to pass inaccurate information on these as they'll only hit additional blocks
 * __anynomous__ : I agree
 * __dtavarez__ : no emails, they opened few telegram channels.. kucoin seems to be waiting for us to pay the "marketing blah blah"... gate[.]io seems to be willing to improve their implementation though
 * __jankie1800__ : I'd like to see this in part of the community sub-team role- working out content, we can overlook and help each other make quality outreach efforts
 * __anynomous__ : Yes, ...lets on to that topic.. Since the discussion is linked to that.
 * __mcmmike__ : anyone who can constructively help with exchange communication can be added to the current communication with exchanges. Just ask me or David.

                
 
                
`}
                </ReactMarkdown>

                {/*Issue 4              */}
                <h1 id="issue_4"  className="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">4. Organizing a community sub-team with focus on the increase of Grin adoption.</h1>
                <ReactMarkdown  className="meeting-text"  remarkPlugins={[remarkGfm]}  >{`__anynomous__ : Some suggestions for items that could be included:
 * Set up new channels of communication
 * Help setup meetups and conferences now that lockdown measures are being lifted
 * Organize community events like meme contest, challenges etc
 * Collaborate on content strategies and distribution
 
__anynomous__ : Basically this is where we each time hit a wall, getting active community members to work in motivated sub-teams, having sub-team meetings. What I propose, is that we start incentivising a bit more:
 * 1) The CC funds for example marketing material
 * 2) T-Shirts for active team members or another nice perk
 * 3) Listing sub-teams and their ambassadors on Github, giving formal recognition of their efforts
 
 __anynomous__ : Also we need to get more people to step up from Telegram, Discord to forum, get involved basically. Not sure how to do the latter.
 * __jankie1800__ : I suggest we use a spare channel here on keybase and use it is a platform for social outreach efforts. __@cekickafa__ and I can collaborate on ideas and content. also as a community we can organize etc
 * __mcmmike__ : We can use #community as we already have it
 * __dtavarez__ : I think we could start with a team of "ambassadors" like a lot of open-source projects. :100:(__anynomous__, __jankie1800__, __cekickafa__)
 * __anynomous__ : That would be great.
 
__dtavarez__ : Spring is almost here, the restrictions seem to be easing lately...this is a good time to start hanging out, dreaming about some tea partying and talking about this awesome yellow project. I am open to support the efforts
 * __anynomous__ : We should start having some meetups, informal or formal. I know people in The Netherlands who would be willing to organize something more formal, e.g. have speekers. Maybe people who used to organize these meetups in the past would like to be involved.
 * __dtavarez__ : I like that..if anyone could talk publicly about grin on those events would be awesome
 * __mcmmike__ : I still pay and maintain https://www.meetup.com/MimbleWimble-Grin-Berlin/ , we can announce possible meetups there
 * __dtavarez__ : berlin won't open soon, no "freedom day" for us
 * __mcmmike__ : We can change the name , just a central public point to announce new Meetups or even GrinConX

__anynomous__: __@tromp__ lives in the neighbourhood, maybe he can talk, give an update on the project. The meeting would be in Amsterdam..The Netherlands is fully open now.
 * __dtavarez__ : is @tromp willing assists? I don't hope, I haven't read from him lately, I hope he's doing good
 * __jankie1800__ : I've seen tromp over on bitcointalk last week, I think he is doing well enough
 * __anynomous__ : Link please.
 * __jankie1800__ : https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=5090427.1720
 
__dtavarez__ : if the community agrees we could then start discussing the topic of  setting up meetups and maybe a conference community events, etc.. we could open to talk about this on the forum maybe
 * __mcmmike__ : I would suggest we think about the sub-teams and add it to the next agenda meeting. So we all have enough time and in the meantime we can discuss this on #community?
 * __jankie1800__ : I like the idea. Think we just run with it over on community and start sending invites from forum  
                
`}

                </ReactMarkdown>

                {/*Issue 5              */}
                <h1 id="issue_5"  className="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">5. Increasing Bisq awareness in Grin Community  </h1>
                <ReactMarkdown  className="meeting-text"  remarkPlugins={[remarkGfm]}  >{`__dtavarez__ : do we have enough time to discuss "Increasing Bisq awareness in Grin Community."? or should be move to the next meeting in two weeks?
 * __defistaker__ : Megawatt did add this to raise awareness, if he is not with us now, I guess we can postpone
 
__mcmmike__ : we wont come to a conclution now, as I did try to add liquidity to BisQ but all the GRIN traders I contacted did not really want to. I offered them more or less free BTC for a time-periode, to do some trades there in return for my GRIN once they where done. We need some more time here.
 * __mcmmike__ : this makes no sense to me. It is a market void. Someone can make arbitrage money here

__cekickafa__ : I can prepare a tutorial about how to use it, it can help adaptation
 * __mcmmike__ : Yes please. step-by-step
 
__mcmmike__ : ok to wrap it up now, we add the sub-team for the next meeting and discuss this on #community.. anyone else has some more agenda points?

__dtavarez__ : cool.. no more agenda points
                


__Meeting adjourned__
                
`}


                </ReactMarkdown>



            </div>


            {/* Action POINTS */}
            <div className="py-4">
                <h1 className="header-2">Action Points</h1>

                <ul className="space-y-2">
                    <li><RhombusItem />Follow up "Community Sub-Teams" into next community meeting.</li>
                    <li><RhombusItem />BISQ needs liquidity support.</li>
                    <li><RhombusItem />@cekickafa working out BISQ tutorial.</li>

                </ul>
            </div>





        </section>
    );
}

